The Magical Frog
Lilly, a young girl of seven years old, was sitting on a park bench, reading
her favorite book. She was getting sleepy so she laid her sweater on the bench
and laid down on top of it.
“Lilly,” someone called to her while she was sleeping. “Wake up.”
Lilly woke up from her sleep and she saw a frog sitting on the very edge of
the park bench. The frog was talking to her. She couldn’t believe it so she
rubbed eyes and opened them again. It didn’t make a difference though, the
frog was still there and he was still talking to her.
“Why are you talking to me?” asked Lilly. “Frogs aren’t supposed to be able
to talk.”
“Well,” said the frog. “I can talk because I am magical.”
“I don’t believe you,” said Lilly. “Prove to me that you are magical.”
“Okay,” said the frog. “Do you see that nice big stone over there on the
walkway?”
“Yes,” said Lilly. “I do.”
“Good,” said the frog. “Please go pick it up.”
“Okay,” said Lilly.
Lilly picked up the stone and she held it in her hand.
“Do you feel something different about that stone?” asked the frog.
“Well,” said Lilly. “Yes, I actually do. It is warm.”
“Good,” said the frog. “Now, hold out your and toward me and put the stone
in the center of your palm.”
Lilly did as she was told.
“Hocus pocus!” exclaimed the frog. “Hocus pocus! Please turn this stone into
a gem right in front of our eyes.”
Lilly couldn’t believe it, but there in her hand was the most beautiful gem
that she had ever seen. It was a bright blue color and it gleamed radiantly in
the sunlight.
“I can’t believe this,” said Lilly. “You really are magical.”
Lilly sat in amazement, staring at the beautiful gem in her hand.
“It is beautiful,” said Lilly.
“So, do you like the gem?” asked the frog.
“Yes,” said Lilly. “Yes, yes I do!”
“It is magical,” said the frog.
“What do you mean?” asked Lilly.
“Make a wish,” said the frog.
“I wish for an ice cream cone,” said Lilly.
In an instant a large ice cream cone was in Lilly’s hand.
“Oh my!” exclaimed Lilly, licking the ice cream cone.
“You must use this gem for good only,” said the frog.
“Thank you,” said Lilly.
Lilly took the gem and finished her ice cream cone. She fell back to sleep on
the park bench.
“Wake up Lilly,” a familiar voice said.
Lilly woke up and she saw her mother standing over her. She looked down at
her hand. The gem was still there.
“My!” exclaimed Mother. “What a beautiful gem you have? Where did you
get it from?”
“I got it from a magical frog,” said Lilly.
Lilly took her gem home with her and every day she used it to wish for
something good to happen and every day something good did happen.
“Can I see your magical gem?” asked her older brother, Theodore, one day.
“I guess,” said Lilly. “Why do you want to see it?”
“I want to wish that I don’t have to go to school tomorrow,” said Theodore.
“You can’t,” said Lilly.
Theodore grabbed the gem and hid it behind his back.
“Hocus pocus,” laughed Theodore. “I wish that I don’t have to go to school
tomorrow.”
All of a sudden the gem disintegrated into dust.
“My beautiful gem!” cried Lilly. “What have you done?”
Mother came into Lilly’s room to find out what the commotion was.
“Theodore used my gem for something bad,” said Lilly.
“Oh dear!” exclaimed Mother, cleaning up the dust from the gem.
“I wish I had my gem back,” said Lilly. “I would keep it away from Theodore
if I did.”
All of a sudden the dust on the dust pan turned back into Lilly’s precious
gem. She hid the gem under her mattress and would only play with it when
Theodore wasn’t around.